Feature/mttl 2209 (#38)
LBHackney-IT/Hackney.Core: Hackney.Core/Hackney.Core.Http/README.md

This package contains helpers and common functionality that can be employed when using Http requests and responses.

* [ApiGateway](#ApiGateway)
* [IHttpContextWrapper](#IHttpContextWrapper)
* [JsonOptions](#JsonOptions)

## ApiGateway

The ApiGateway and interface provide the basic functionality of calling an external Api GET endpoint to retrieve a single entity - a simple Get by Id request.
It is packaged up here so that developers do not have to write the same boiler-plate code each time this common functionality is required.

### Usage

### DI Registration
Use the extension method to add the IApiGateway interface into the DI container on startup.
```csharp
using Hackney.Core.Http;

namespace SomeApi
{
    public class Startup
    {
        ...
        public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
        {
            ...
            services.AddApiGateway();

            // Also register the actual Gateway(s) that use IApiGateway            
            services.AddScoped<ISomeEntityApi, SomeEntityApi>();
            ...
        }
    }
}

```

### Implementation
Create a "Gateway" class as normal to encapsulate calling the required external Api. 

> The class should inject an instance of the IApiGatewayinto and should initialise it with the required name, and configuration keys for the uri and token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class should inject an instance of the IApiGateway into and should initialise it with the required name, and configuration keys for the uri and token.
```

> This class should implement a single `async` Get method, but internally delegate the actual call to the instance of the IApiGateway inected into the class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class should implement a single `async` Get method, but internally delegate the actual call to the instance of the IApiGateway injected into the class.
```

namespace SomeApi.Gateway
{
    public class SomeEntitytApi : ISomeEntityApi
    {
        private const string ApiName = "SomeEntity";
        private const string AccountApiUrl = "SomeEntityApiUrl";
        private const string AccountApiToken = "SomeEntityApiToken";

        private readonly IApiGateway _apiGateway;

        public SomeEntityApi(IApiGateway apiGateway)
        {
            _apiGateway = apiGateway;
            _apiGateway.Initialise(ApiName, AccountApiUrl, AccountApiToken);
        }

        [LogCall]
        public async Task<SomeEntityResponseObject> GetSomeEntityByIdAsync(Guid id, Guid correlationId)
        {
            var route = $"{_apiGateway.ApiRoute}/someentity/{id}";
            return await _apiGateway.GetByIdAsync<SomeEntityResponseObject>(route, id, correlationId);
        }
    }
}
```

### Testing
To test gateway classes that use `IApiGateway`, unit tests can be written as normal.

E2E tests that expect the external Api to be available should make use of the [BaseApiFixture](../Hackney.Core.Testing/Hackney.Core.Testing.Shared/README.md#BaseApiFixture) 
class in the `Hackney.Core.Testing.Shared` package.

## IHttpContextWrapper

> The `IHttpContextWrapper` interface provdes a helper method to easily get at the headres dictionary of the current Http request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IHttpContextWrapper` interface provides a helper method to easily get at the headers dictionary of the current Http request.
```
